workshop/workshop7.md, before:

# S-DOEA - Workshop 7 - End to end DevOps Engineering and Automation


## Ansible - Part 1


The objective of this workshop is to automate the installation of Code-Server on a server

### Workshop
Provision a Ubuntu server for this exercise. You can use Terraform or manually
provision an instance on DigitalOcean’s console.
Once you have provisioned, note the IP address, root user and SSH keys used.
Use these information to create an inventory file, inventory.yaml.
Write a playbook that will use the inventory.yaml file to configure the
server. The playbook should perform the following tasks

• Update the /lib/systemd/system/code-server.service file
with the code server password; change the following line


```
Environment=PASSWORD=__PLACEHOLDER__
```
with the password, assuming that the password is mypassword

```
Environment=PASSWORD=”mypassword”
```

• Update the /etc/nginx/sites-available/code-server.conf
file with the domain code-<ipv4_address>.nip.io; change the line
with server_name to

```
server_name code-<ipv4_address>.nip.io;

```
• Use systemd module to restart nginx and code-server services. You
must also perform a daemon reload viz. set daemon_reload to yes.


### Test
Test your deployment by browsing to http://```<ip-address>```

### Submission
When you have completed this workshop, commit your work to the repository.
The instructor will clone your repository at the end

### Setup

1. Access your Digital Ocean account.


2. Create a Ubuntu Droplet 

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible11.png">
<br>

 * Select Singapore as region
 * Select Ubuntu as the server Image v20.04 x64

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible12.png">
<br>

* Select cost saving server type (6 USD)

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible13.png">
<br>

* Choose the SSH authentication method and generate a fresh SSH key pair. Click the "New SSH Key" button, then follow the instructions provided on the right-hand side. Paste the contents of the "cat" command into the Digital Ocean text area.

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible14.png">
<br>

* Finalize the droplet

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible15.png">
<br>

3. Access the newly created ubuntu server

```
ssh root@<public ip address>
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible16.png">
<br>

4. Generate the PKI key pair on the logon server 

```
ssh-keygen
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible17.png">
<br>

5. Add the public key content to the Digital Ocean account security section, name it as www-1

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible18.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible19.png">
<br>
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/Screenshot from 2024-04-18 09-12-57.png">
<br>

6. Install terraform IAC tool on the ubuntu server

```
sudo apt update

```

```
sudo apt install snap
```

```
sudo snap install terraform --classic
```


7. Check the terraform version

```
terraform --version
```
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible22.png">
<br>

8. Install Ansible on the Ubuntu instance

```
sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ansible/ansible

sudo apt update

sudo apt install ansible-core
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/Screenshot from 2023-12-11 14-18-17.png">
<br>

9. Check the ansible version

```
ansible --version
```

### Implementation
a. Create a directory called workshop02 in your course repository.

b. Read Step 1 and Step 2 of the following blog
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-the-
code-server-cloud-ide-platform-on-ubuntu-20-04.

c. Change directory into the workshop02 folder

d. Create an ansible template file for server configuration. code-server.conf.j2

```
server {
    listen 80;
    listen [::]:80;

    server_name {{codeserver_domain}} {{ansible_host}};

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:8080/;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Accept-Encoding gzip;
    }
}
```
e. Create an ansible template file code-server.service.j2

```
[Unit]
Description=code-server
After=nginx.service

[Service]
Type=simple
Environment=PASSWORD={{codeserver_password}}
ExecStart=/usr/bin/code-server --bind-addr 127.0.0.1:8080 --user-data-dir /var/lib/code-server --auth password
Restart=always

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
f. Create a terraform template file inventory.yaml.tftpl

```
all:
    vars:
        ansible_connection: ssh
        ansible_user: root
        ansible_ssh_private_key: ${ssh_private_key}
    hosts:
        codeserver:
            ansible_host: ${codeserver_ip}
            codeserver_domain: ${codeserver_domain}
            codeserver_password : ${codeserver_password}
```

g. Create a provider terraform script provider.tf

```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    digitalocean = {
        source = "digitalocean/digitalocean"
        version = "2.26.0"
    }
    local = {
        source = "hashicorp/local"
        version = "2.4.0"
    }
  }
}

provider digitalocean {
    token = var.do_token
}

```

h. Create a variables terraform script variables.tf

```
variable do_token {
    type = string
    sensitive = true
}

variable do_region {
    type = string
    default = "sgp1"
}

variable do_image {
    type = string
    default = "ubuntu-22-04-x64"
}

variable do_size {
    type = string
    default = "s-1vcpu-1gb"
}

variable do_ssh_key {
    type = string
    default = "www-1"
}

variable ssh_private_key {
    type = string
}

variable codeserver_password {
    type = string
}

```

i. Create a resources terraform script resources.tf

```
#ssh key
data "digitalocean_ssh_key" "www-1" {
    name = var.do_ssh_key
}

resource "digitalocean_droplet" "codeserver" {
    name = "codeserver"
    image = var.do_image
    region = var.do_region
    size = var.do_size

    ssh_keys = [ data.digitalocean_ssh_key.www-1.id ]
}

resource "local_file" "root_at_codeserver" {
    filename = "root@${digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address}"
    content = ""
    file_permission = "0444"
}

resource "local_file" "inventory" {
    filename = "inventory.yaml"
    content = templatefile("inventory.yaml.tftpl",{
        codeserver_ip = digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address
        ssh_private_key = var.ssh_private_key
        codeserver_domain = "code-server-${digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address}.nip.io"
        codeserver_password = var.codeserver_password 
    })
    file_permission = "0444"
}

output codeserver_ip {
    value =  digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address
}

```

```
terraform init
```

```
terraform plan -var "do_token=${DO_PAT}" -var "ssh_private_key=/root/.ssh/id_rsa" -var "codeserver_password=password123456"
```

```
terraform apply -auto-approve -var "do_token=${DO_PAT}" -var "ssh_private_key=/root/.ssh/id_rsa" -var "codeserver_password=password123456"
```

Get the playbook.yml from the solution github repository 

```
ansible-playbook playbook.yaml -i inventory.yaml
```

## Solution Repository URL

https://github.com/kenken64/aipc-jun2023/tree/main/workshop02


# Container scanning - Docker scout - Part 2 (Optional)


1. Spin off a digital ocean ubuntu 24.04 (1vcpu 1GB RAM) instance with docker engine and cli installed

https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/


2. Setup docker scout cli on the newly created ubuntu instance (Manual installtion)
 
```
mkdir ~/.docker
```

```
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker/scout-cli/main/install.sh | sh -s --
```

3. Git clone down the scout vulnerable demo service server

```
git clone https://github.com/docker/scout-demo-service.git
```

4. Change to the demo service working directory

```
cd scout-demo-service
```


5. Login to the docker repository (Dockerhub), kindly use the dockerhub credential.

```
docker login
```

6. Build the demo server docker image, replace the placeholder with your own dockerhub username

```
docker build --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v1 .
```


7. Scan docker image with known vulnerabilities, filter only check with a certain package

```
docker scout cves --only-package express
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout1.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout2.png">
<br>


```
docker scout recommendations kenken64/scout-demo-<grp number>:v1
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout3.png">
<br>


8. Edit the package.json file by upgrading the express library to specific version


```
nano package.json
```

```
"dependencies": {
    "express": "4.19.2"
}
```

9. Install NPM before reinstall the express library

```
apt install npm
```

```
npm i
```

10. Rebuild the docker image and push to dockerhub

```
docker build --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v2 .

```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout4.png">
<br>


11. Re-scan for known vulnerablities on the express library. The result of this scan will show all cves are fixed. Upload this screenshot as submission

```
docker scout cves --only-package express
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout5.png">
<br>


12. Evaluate policy compliance within the containers


```
docker scout quickview
```
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout6.png">
<br>


13. This will show you critical compliance issues, non default non root user found

14. Resolution to the above issues. Edit your Dockerfile

```
nano Dockerfile
```

```
CMD ["node", "/app/app.js"]
EXPOSE 3000
USER appuser
```
15. Before building a new and push the new docker image to the repository, we need to enable container store for docker engine

```
nano /etc/docker/daemon.json
```

16. Paste the following content to the json file
```
{
    "features": {
        "containerd-snapshotter": true
    }
}
```

17. Follow by a restart on the docker engine, follow by a rebuild of the image to v3

```
systemctl restart docker
```

```
docker build --provenance=true --sbom=true --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v3 .

```

18. Please review your Docker Scout dashboard or the compliance quickview. Upload your final Dockerfile to the submission folder, ensuring that all previously mentioned issues have been fully resolved. Refer to the screenshots below for guidance.

```
docker scout quickview
```
19. Edit the Dockerfile

```
FROM alpine:latest

ENV BLUEBIRD_WARNINGS=0 \
  NODE_ENV=production \
  NODE_NO_WARNINGS=1 \
  NPM_CONFIG_LOGLEVEL=warn \
  SUPPRESS_NO_CONFIG_WARNING=true

RUN apk add --no-cache \
  nodejs
RUN apk update && apk upgrade
COPY package.json ./

RUN  apk add --no-cache npm \
 && npm i --no-optional \
 && npm cache clean --force \
 && apk del npm
 
COPY . /app

CMD ["node","/app/app.js"]

EXPOSE 3000
USER appuser
```
20. Run the following to fix the remaining vulnerability

```
npm audit fix --force
```

21. Publish the final docker image to the hub. Make sure there isnt any remaining vulnerability

```
docker build --provenance=true --sbom=true --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v4 .
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout7.png">
<br>

22. Enable the scout scanning , navigate the repository seetings

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout14.png">
<br>


<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout8.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout9.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout10.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout11.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout12.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout13.png">
<br>


## Design and proposed CI CD pipeline for StoolViriiDetect Pte Ltd COVID19 - Internet of Things Project.

To detect covid19 cluster as early as possible, SG GovHighTech recently awarded StoolViriiDetect Pte Ltd the project to use their stool detection sensor solution in every residential area islandwide. The collected data should be sent to the Health Authority for analysis twice a day via a secure cloud channel. Kindly proposed an end to end CI CD pipeline for this project.

Things that the team should consider as below:-
* Public Web App and API with a geolocation-based map showing a possible cluster
* Private Web App with a map showing possible cluster and additional info
* Integrated with the trace together mobile app to notify users that a potential new cluster. (Near to realtime)
* Live update (firmware) to all the deployed sensors
* Name all the technological stacks in terms of DevOps and implementation of your proposal.
* The solution must be regional within the country. (Areas)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeFOpSNgSGk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nN9d_bLE-vM&t=127s

Commit message:

add export on DO_PAT

workshop/workshop7.md, after:

# S-DOEA - Workshop 7 - End to end DevOps Engineering and Automation


## Ansible - Part 1


The objective of this workshop is to automate the installation of Code-Server on a server

### Workshop
Provision a Ubuntu server for this exercise. You can use Terraform or manually
provision an instance on DigitalOcean’s console.
Once you have provisioned, note the IP address, root user and SSH keys used.
Use these information to create an inventory file, inventory.yaml.
Write a playbook that will use the inventory.yaml file to configure the
server. The playbook should perform the following tasks

• Update the /lib/systemd/system/code-server.service file
with the code server password; change the following line


```
Environment=PASSWORD=__PLACEHOLDER__
```
with the password, assuming that the password is mypassword

```
Environment=PASSWORD=”mypassword”
```

• Update the /etc/nginx/sites-available/code-server.conf
file with the domain code-<ipv4_address>.nip.io; change the line
with server_name to

```
server_name code-<ipv4_address>.nip.io;

```
• Use systemd module to restart nginx and code-server services. You
must also perform a daemon reload viz. set daemon_reload to yes.


### Test
Test your deployment by browsing to http://```<ip-address>```

### Submission
When you have completed this workshop, commit your work to the repository.
The instructor will clone your repository at the end

### Setup

1. Access your Digital Ocean account.


2. Create a Ubuntu Droplet 

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible11.png">
<br>

 * Select Singapore as region
 * Select Ubuntu as the server Image v20.04 x64

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible12.png">
<br>

* Select cost saving server type (6 USD)

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible13.png">
<br>

* Choose the SSH authentication method and generate a fresh SSH key pair. Click the "New SSH Key" button, then follow the instructions provided on the right-hand side. Paste the contents of the "cat" command into the Digital Ocean text area.

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible14.png">
<br>

* Finalize the droplet

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible15.png">
<br>

3. Access the newly created ubuntu server

```
ssh root@<public ip address>
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible16.png">
<br>

4. Generate the PKI key pair on the logon server 

```
ssh-keygen
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible17.png">
<br>

5. Add the public key content to the Digital Ocean account security section, name it as www-1

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible18.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible19.png">
<br>
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/Screenshot from 2024-04-18 09-12-57.png">
<br>

6. Install terraform IAC tool on the ubuntu server

```
sudo apt update

```

```
sudo apt install snap
```

```
sudo snap install terraform --classic
```


7. Check the terraform version

```
terraform --version
```
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/ansible22.png">
<br>

8. Install Ansible on the Ubuntu instance

```
sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ansible/ansible

sudo apt update

sudo apt install ansible-core
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/Screenshot from 2023-12-11 14-18-17.png">
<br>

9. Check the ansible version

```
ansible --version
```

### Implementation
a. Create a directory called workshop02 in your course repository.

b. Read Step 1 and Step 2 of the following blog
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-the-
code-server-cloud-ide-platform-on-ubuntu-20-04.

c. Change directory into the workshop02 folder

d. Create an ansible template file for server configuration. code-server.conf.j2

```
server {
    listen 80;
    listen [::]:80;

    server_name {{codeserver_domain}} {{ansible_host}};

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:8080/;
        proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Connection upgrade;
        proxy_set_header Accept-Encoding gzip;
    }
}
```
e. Create an ansible template file code-server.service.j2

```
[Unit]
Description=code-server
After=nginx.service

[Service]
Type=simple
Environment=PASSWORD={{codeserver_password}}
ExecStart=/usr/bin/code-server --bind-addr 127.0.0.1:8080 --user-data-dir /var/lib/code-server --auth password
Restart=always

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
f. Create a terraform template file inventory.yaml.tftpl

```
all:
    vars:
        ansible_connection: ssh
        ansible_user: root
        ansible_ssh_private_key: ${ssh_private_key}
    hosts:
        codeserver:
            ansible_host: ${codeserver_ip}
            codeserver_domain: ${codeserver_domain}
            codeserver_password : ${codeserver_password}
```

g. Create a provider terraform script provider.tf

```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    digitalocean = {
        source = "digitalocean/digitalocean"
        version = "2.26.0"
    }
    local = {
        source = "hashicorp/local"
        version = "2.4.0"
    }
  }
}

provider digitalocean {
    token = var.do_token
}

```

h. Create a variables terraform script variables.tf

```
variable do_token {
    type = string
    sensitive = true
}

variable do_region {
    type = string
    default = "sgp1"
}

variable do_image {
    type = string
    default = "ubuntu-22-04-x64"
}

variable do_size {
    type = string
    default = "s-1vcpu-1gb"
}

variable do_ssh_key {
    type = string
    default = "www-1"
}

variable ssh_private_key {
    type = string
}

variable codeserver_password {
    type = string
}

```

i. Create a resources terraform script resources.tf

```
#ssh key
data "digitalocean_ssh_key" "www-1" {
    name = var.do_ssh_key
}

resource "digitalocean_droplet" "codeserver" {
    name = "codeserver"
    image = var.do_image
    region = var.do_region
    size = var.do_size

    ssh_keys = [ data.digitalocean_ssh_key.www-1.id ]
}

resource "local_file" "root_at_codeserver" {
    filename = "root@${digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address}"
    content = ""
    file_permission = "0444"
}

resource "local_file" "inventory" {
    filename = "inventory.yaml"
    content = templatefile("inventory.yaml.tftpl",{
        codeserver_ip = digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address
        ssh_private_key = var.ssh_private_key
        codeserver_domain = "code-server-${digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address}.nip.io"
        codeserver_password = var.codeserver_password 
    })
    file_permission = "0444"
}

output codeserver_ip {
    value =  digitalocean_droplet.codeserver.ipv4_address
}

```

Remeber to generate the Digital Ocean Personal Access Token and export to the environment variable 

```
export DO_PAT=<your DO PAT>
```

```
terraform init
```

```
terraform plan -var "do_token=${DO_PAT}" -var "ssh_private_key=/root/.ssh/id_rsa" -var "codeserver_password=password123456"
```

```
terraform apply -auto-approve -var "do_token=${DO_PAT}" -var "ssh_private_key=/root/.ssh/id_rsa" -var "codeserver_password=password123456"
```

Get the playbook.yml from the solution github repository 

```
ansible-playbook playbook.yaml -i inventory.yaml
```

## Solution Repository URL

https://github.com/kenken64/aipc-jun2023/tree/main/workshop02


# Container scanning - Docker scout - Part 2 (Optional)


1. Spin off a digital ocean ubuntu 24.04 (1vcpu 1GB RAM) instance with docker engine and cli installed

https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/


2. Setup docker scout cli on the newly created ubuntu instance (Manual installtion)
 
```
mkdir ~/.docker
```

```
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker/scout-cli/main/install.sh | sh -s --
```

3. Git clone down the scout vulnerable demo service server

```
git clone https://github.com/docker/scout-demo-service.git
```

4. Change to the demo service working directory

```
cd scout-demo-service
```


5. Login to the docker repository (Dockerhub), kindly use the dockerhub credential.

```
docker login
```

6. Build the demo server docker image, replace the placeholder with your own dockerhub username

```
docker build --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v1 .
```


7. Scan docker image with known vulnerabilities, filter only check with a certain package

```
docker scout cves --only-package express
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout1.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout2.png">
<br>


```
docker scout recommendations kenken64/scout-demo-<grp number>:v1
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout3.png">
<br>


8. Edit the package.json file by upgrading the express library to specific version


```
nano package.json
```

```
"dependencies": {
    "express": "4.19.2"
}
```

9. Install NPM before reinstall the express library

```
apt install npm
```

```
npm i
```

10. Rebuild the docker image and push to dockerhub

```
docker build --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v2 .

```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout4.png">
<br>


11. Re-scan for known vulnerablities on the express library. The result of this scan will show all cves are fixed. Upload this screenshot as submission

```
docker scout cves --only-package express
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout5.png">
<br>


12. Evaluate policy compliance within the containers


```
docker scout quickview
```
<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout6.png">
<br>


13. This will show you critical compliance issues, non default non root user found

14. Resolution to the above issues. Edit your Dockerfile

```
nano Dockerfile
```

```
CMD ["node", "/app/app.js"]
EXPOSE 3000
USER appuser
```
15. Before building a new and push the new docker image to the repository, we need to enable container store for docker engine

```
nano /etc/docker/daemon.json
```

16. Paste the following content to the json file
```
{
    "features": {
        "containerd-snapshotter": true
    }
}
```

17. Follow by a restart on the docker engine, follow by a rebuild of the image to v3

```
systemctl restart docker
```

```
docker build --provenance=true --sbom=true --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v3 .

```

18. Please review your Docker Scout dashboard or the compliance quickview. Upload your final Dockerfile to the submission folder, ensuring that all previously mentioned issues have been fully resolved. Refer to the screenshots below for guidance.

```
docker scout quickview
```
19. Edit the Dockerfile

```
FROM alpine:latest

ENV BLUEBIRD_WARNINGS=0 \
  NODE_ENV=production \
  NODE_NO_WARNINGS=1 \
  NPM_CONFIG_LOGLEVEL=warn \
  SUPPRESS_NO_CONFIG_WARNING=true

RUN apk add --no-cache \
  nodejs
RUN apk update && apk upgrade
COPY package.json ./

RUN  apk add --no-cache npm \
 && npm i --no-optional \
 && npm cache clean --force \
 && apk del npm
 
COPY . /app

CMD ["node","/app/app.js"]

EXPOSE 3000
USER appuser
```
20. Run the following to fix the remaining vulnerability

```
npm audit fix --force
```

21. Publish the final docker image to the hub. Make sure there isnt any remaining vulnerability

```
docker build --provenance=true --sbom=true --push -t <dockerhub username>/scout-demo-<grp number>:v4 .
```

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout7.png">
<br>

22. Enable the scout scanning , navigate the repository seetings

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout14.png">
<br>


<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout8.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout9.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout10.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout11.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout12.png">
<br>

<br>
<img style="float: center;" src="./screens/scout13.png">
<br>


## Design and proposed CI CD pipeline for StoolViriiDetect Pte Ltd COVID19 - Internet of Things Project.

To detect covid19 cluster as early as possible, SG GovHighTech recently awarded StoolViriiDetect Pte Ltd the project to use their stool detection sensor solution in every residential area islandwide. The collected data should be sent to the Health Authority for analysis twice a day via a secure cloud channel. Kindly proposed an end to end CI CD pipeline for this project.

Things that the team should consider as below:-
* Public Web App and API with a geolocation-based map showing a possible cluster
* Private Web App with a map showing possible cluster and additional info
* Integrated with the trace together mobile app to notify users that a potential new cluster. (Near to realtime)
* Live update (firmware) to all the deployed sensors
* Name all the technological stacks in terms of DevOps and implementation of your proposal.
* The solution must be regional within the country. (Areas)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeFOpSNgSGk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nN9d_bLE-vM&t=127s
